I finally found your husband
I finally found you.
husband
Is he that woman?
But why can't I see his face?
And I can't remember anything
I don't even know you.
Mr. Xue Zhilong is really a noble person who forgets things
How can I lift my pants and not recognize people?
That day with our ingot
Aren't you having fun?
I have no idea who you are.
I'm having fun with him because he's cute
But please respect yourself.
Don't recognize your relatives casually, they are heroes.
The first wealthy family in the imperial capital
How do you know him?
Yes, Qianjia has a deep root system
Ancestor of General Bloom
What about birth?
It can be compared with the Genting Tiangong one.
Well, I ran to this kid and called him husband
What's going on?
When did the owner get married?
How do I know with a child this old?
But since it is a wealthy family in Shangjing
Or the Dragon General?
As his leader
I'd like to meet him
Ok you Xue Zhilong
I told you that you divorced me so quickly
It turned out that not only did it send confinement
You secretly got married behind my back
Even had children
I have no idea what's going on.
Wife and children are coming to the door
You said you don't know what's going on
I think you betrayed me long ago
Then take this opportunity to kick me away